last year let me reversal if mr.
Casillas what went to to Brazil to to do
any new new version of Nutcracker in our
school and he took about this
competition
oh you can try you can try to show your
art and you're here now I never did I
never did father day before with Jago
we started to work together like three
months ago and we decided to come here
no I I went to to some other
international competitions but the last
competition I I was junior and here
there is no no no category I'm competing
with with some dancers old older than I
and it it is a very good experience I am
18 and I think I I can I can learn with
another dancers some dancers 25 26 and
actually he starts with with at 19 not
now at 9 years old
he started to learn folk dances and in
Brazil and after the contemporary and
only with only when he was 18 he started
to learn classical I like the the both
the classical when the modern the
contemporary dance I think today every
dancer have to to to be them the both
have has to have to do to both I'm very
satisfied some some things we know we
could do better but I I always try to to
to show how I'm happy when I I am on the
stage how I am happy when I'm dancing
and I think we did it I think we we
could show for the public how we are
happy to be dance coach Tomica field is
both them in the bracket case I'm
available
Moscow guilt with release Bella present
us now it
we'll go public effects on the port in
Brazil the classical Valley is not
popular and but but it's it's getting
better
there is now there is more dancers and
than before and there is there is a boat
high school they always try to to show
how we are happy when we are dancing and
the belly the classical ballet is not
popular in Brazil and it is it is harder
for us to learn this in in Russian the
the ballet is very popular and it is
easier for the the people here to learn
to to be on the stage but but I think
weird you're trying we're you're getting
better every every mom every class every
her so every performance and I'm happy
with our I were performing I didn't know
about pain before but I really like this
city because the weather is this year it
is new for us cause in Brazil it is hot
now and here these know it's always new
frozen I I'm like can i I like it
because analogy will probably offer you
a bad you minimize the rich crowd